add functions entry (#2921)
Codecademy/docs: content/lua/concepts/functions/functions.md

---
Title: 'Functions' # Required; the file name should be the same as the title, but lowercase, with dashes instead of spaces, and all punctuation removed

> Description: '__Functions__ are blocks of code that can be repeated multiple times. They can perform specific tasks when they’re called. To use a function, it must be declared somewhere in the scope where you wish to call it.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a noun (used in search engine results and content previews)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Functions are blocks of code that can be repeated multiple times. They can perform specific tasks when they’re called.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a noun (used in search engine results and content previews)
```

We can't put styling in the description and it should be under 150 characters

Subjects: # Please only use Subjects in the subjects.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Subject and add it to subjects.md in your PR!
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first

>   - 'learn-lua'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'learn-lua'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
```

---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

__Functions__ are blocks of code that can be repeated multiple times. They can perform specific tasks when they’re called. To use a function, it must be declared somewhere in the scope where you wish to call it.

```

Reviewer: We should include this info both in the description and the first part of the entry itself.

```lua
function difference(value1, value2)
 difference = value1 - value2
 print(difference)
end 
```

## Parameters

When a function is declared, inputs can be provided as parameters. Parameters are only assigned a value when the function is called.

```lua
function sum(number1, number2)  -- number1 and number2 are parameters
 sum = number1 + number2
 print(sum)
end
```

## Calling Functions

Functions can be called by referencing the function’s name followed by parenthesis once functions have been declared. Once called, all the code inside the function will run.

```lua
function product()  
 product = 2 * 5
 print(product)
end

product() -- This is calling a function
```

## Arguments

When a function is called, a comma-separated list of values between parentheses are arguments.

```lua
function sum(number1, number2)  
 sum = number1 + number2
 print(sum)
end

sum(30,20)  -- 30 and 20 are arguments
```

## Nil Arguments

When a function is called without passing in enough arguments, the remaining parameters will be assigned the value `nil`.

```lua
function sum(number1, number2)  
 sum = number1 + number2
 print(sum)
end

sum() -- Prints: nil
```

## Return Keyword

> A function can return using the `return` keyword. Return returns the value to where the function was called and ends the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function can return using the `return` keyword. This returns the value to where the function was called and ends the function.
```

Just to clarify and not repeat return so much

---
Title: 'Functions' # Required; the file name should be the same as the title, but lowercase, with dashes instead of spaces, and all punctuation removed

> Description: 'Functions are blocks of code that can be repeated multiple times. They can perform specific tasks when they’re called.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a noun (used in search engine results and content previews)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Functions are blocks of code that can be repeated multiple times. They are used to perform specific tasks when they are called in a program.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a noun (used in search engine results and content previews)
```

Subjects: # Please only use Subjects in the subjects.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Subject and add it to subjects.md in your PR!
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first
  - 'learn-lua'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> __Functions__ are blocks of code that can be repeated multiple times. They can perform specific tasks when they’re called. To use a function, it must be declared somewhere in the scope where you wish to call it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Functions** are blocks of code that can be repeated multiple times. They can perform specific tasks when they’re called. A function must be declared in the scope it will be utilized.
```

## Function Declaration

Functions are declared and called using their names. Function declarations are built using:

> 1. The `function` keyword

Reviewer 2: For consistency we should add periods to all of these points

2. The function’s name in camel case: the first word starts with lowercase, and any following words start with uppercase. For example: iPhone.
3. An optional list of comma-separated parameters, enclosed by `()`
4. The code to be run by the function
5. The `end` keyword in the last line of function

The example code provided below contains a function named `difference()` that takes two values and prints their difference:

```lua

> function difference(value1, value2)
>  difference = value1 - value2
>  print(difference)
> end 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
function difference(value1, value2)
 result = value1 - value2
 print(result)
end 
```

Reviewer 2: Technically this function is fine as is. But, for clarity I think it's preferable to use a variable name that isn't the same as the function. Please update the other functions to match as well.

```

## Parameters

When a function is declared, inputs can be provided as parameters. Parameters are only assigned a value when the function is called.

```lua
function sum(number1, number2)  -- number1 and number2 are parameters
 sum = number1 + number2
 print(sum)
end
```

## Calling Functions

> Functions can be called by referencing the function’s name followed by parenthesis once functions have been declared. Once called, all the code inside the function will run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Functions can be called by referencing the function’s name followed by parentheses, once functions have been declared. Once called, all the code inside the function will run.
```

```lua
function product()  
 result = 2 * 5
 print(result)
end

product() -- This is calling a function
```

## Arguments

When a function is called, a comma-separated list of values between parentheses are arguments.

```lua
function sum(number1, number2)  
 result = number1 + number2
 print(result)
end

sum(30,20)  -- 30 and 20 are arguments
```

## Nil Arguments

When a function is called without passing in enough arguments, the remaining parameters will be assigned the value `nil`.

```lua
function sum(number1, number2)  
 result = number1 + number2
 print(result)
end

> sum() -- Prints: nil

Reviewer 2: If I run this I get an error. In the message it states there's a nil assignment, but it doesn't print nil. Please confirm

Reviewer: I get the following error:
```
input:2: attempt to perform arithmetic on a nil value (local 'number1')
```

Looks like Paul's right here. Consider this suggestion:

```suggestion
sum() -- Throws error because you can't sum nil values
```

```

## Return Keyword

> A function can return using the `return` keyword. This returns the value to where the function was called and ends the function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The output of the function can be specified using the `return` keyword. This returns the value to where the function was called and ends the function.
```
